image of a sword waving prophet
mohammed may soon fill the street
washington posters which supposedly
designed to protect freedom of speech is possible
will be pasted on public transport
US capital image won the competition
the best prophet caricature
Muhammad who passed at the beginning of May in
american gharlane de then two
armed jihadists committed
attack on the exhibition center where
held an event do not worry we
transfer you another place both
the attackers were killed by armed guards
before you managed to hurt any of
meeting participants by message
the organizers spent about 10,000
dollars for security
after the incident, the exhibition coordinator
pamela gellar called the attacks
manifestations of war against freedom of speech
obviously she intends to get revenge
having organized a new ad campaign in
washington however the authorities imposed
temporary ban on accommodation
images of the prophet mohammed on
urban transport arguing this
so that then trains and buses can
be targeted by terrorists in response gellar
stated that the media and policy introduces
censorship thus promoting laws
sharia
we discussed the advertising campaign pamela
gellar with american experts
Islamic relations
they agreed that the activist
builds a career on the spread
intolerance letters in words for little
gellar sound only hate and bigotry
she is famous for it and now drives by
cities spreading aggression
intolerance
so there is nothing in this situation
new pamela gellar does it not
first time she came to washington
with these posters it is quite clear what
can lead her action
because gellar promotes forest and water word
rhetoric of hate and and posters express
aggression against muslims usa
aim to insult them
most of the population do not agree
with her behavior in reality it
not representative of that part
population of the country which in its opinion
presents